feat(firestore): Added Firestore Multi Database Support (#733)
firebase/firebase-admin-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

2. Enable Firestore:
   1. Go to the Firebase Console, and select **Firestore Database** from the **Build** menu.
   2. Click on the **Create database** button and create a default database. You can choose
   to set up Firestore either in the production mode or in the test mode.
   > **Note:** Integration tests are run against both the default database and an additional
   database named "testing-database".

>    3. After the bedault datbase is created, click the **Add database** button to create a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. After the default database is created, click the **Add database** button to create a
```
